well I've lived here all my life and we
came for walks up here the orcs are
fantastic we are come out as a village
we come up for picnics and things like
that all this is going to be destroyed
in order that Celtic energy can dig up
all the cold earth underneath it from
gwent in the east across mid glamorgan
west de Morgan underbed a statue of
absentee miles there is opencast going
on opencast proposed destroying the
whole contours of the mountainside
destroying the hydrology destroying the
nature a few weeks ago people arrived on
the side ladki kovol yes I saw them by
the door nearly had a fit to be honest
because some one of them had dreadlocks
Jill meant that i turn you I didn't know
whether to invite them in or not so I
don't know who they were we basically
picked a spot amongst some arcs which
was near the water meadows and it grew
from that they thought we'd just go
through the winter it was too cold
they're just made us more resilient and
more determined to stay we knew from
about six thirty seven o'clock that
there's something happening
come right
Wow
young people were prepared in some cases
to put their lives at risk to protect
the author is protect the seller site
our national anthem is here lanvin a day
and are no levy the land of my father's
which is beloved which is dear to me and
it is that aspect which is important we
love the place we live most of us do
anyway and we want to preserve it
because it is part of ourselves now
because of this empowerment that these
young people are given to me they can
see that there is a possibility of
winning whether we lose a few bottles on
the way I don't know but you're certain
to win the moment